once again this is Shadow the Hedgehog
speaking and now I'm gonna play some
Sega superstar tennis
last time you people saw me now I was
kicking ass in shadow and Olympic Games
[Music]
and I'm gonna face off against Sonic the
blue fake
okay
I'm game tiebreaker hey it's Alice
so I'll put it in horror going I guess
everything else is fine hmm I wonder
what's in that's in the sky since that
were both looking up
mara op dent
[Music]
Oh pathetic no I'm serious
you're still loose
[Music]
this is why I'm the better Hedgehog
don't you get it you'll never be your
day I will always shine um yes yes
[Music]
No
yes
Oh
come on sonic I expect better even from
you
[Music]
hmm
it's almost time to be in my super form
[Music]
yes all right
here goes chaos control well that was
simple not challenged that's right not
even
well I hope you enjoyed this one here
and though it was fast but that Sonics
fault
alright these shadow wolf isn't here to
see this
what the fuck you doing here
what the hell what are you doing in my
room for and why are you playing with my
way no let me explain please
no you're not gonna explain anything
because you'll be leaving right now
oh yeah we'll see who leaves here Carol
spear fucking punch Oh